---
layout: post
author: "Adarsh Pastakia"
title:  "Sigma UI Framework - Release 1.0.0"
date:   2016-09-18
tags: aurelia, sigma-ui-framework
identifier: started-ui-framework-release-1.0.0
---

#### Why another UI Framework?

After having developed business web-apps using [AngularJS] and [Bootstrap] until [Aurelia] came along, there was some tedium in using that combination. 
Firstly Bootstrap is not really suited for business applications, then having to use many third-party plugins for Bootstrap. 
Secondly the tedium of creating custom-element declaration in AngularJS. 

So when Aurelia came along and showcased the ease of using html templates with view-models in creating custom-elements, we went about creating a more-or-less complete UI Framework for business web applications.


#### Features

The framework is built around a single viewport with drawer styled side menu, to make use of most of the available real-estate for the views. 
The framework is styled completely using [CSS3 Flexbox].

All UI components are bespoke to the framework with dependencies on the following Javascript libraries

###### Dependencies
* [Aurelia] - Aurelia is a set of modern, modular JavaScript libraries for building UI.
* [Lodash] - A modern JavaScript utility library for manipulating collections.
* [MomentJS] - A javascript library for formatting and manipulating dates.
* [NumeralJS] - A javascript library for formatting and manipulating numbers.
* [Kramed] - A markdown parser and compiler

###### Components
* Page components
  - Pages
  - Toolbars
  - Sidebars
* Grid layout system
* Panels & Dialogs
* Tabbed panels
* Datagrids with support for large data-sets using `aurelia-ui-virtualization`
* Tree panels with selectable and checkable tree nodes

###### Inputs
* Basic textual inputs
* Checkboxes, Radios and Switches
* Date input with calendar dropdown
* Phone input using [Google's Phone Library] to format and validate
* Combobox and Tags input, a simple dropdown with search option to filter
* File input with dragzone for adding multiple files
* Simple language selector for language based content editors
* Simple markdown editor
* List based inputs for reordering lists, and selecting multiple items

###### Utilities
* Application Base, common functionalities
* Converters & Formatters
  - for dates using momentjs
  - for numbers using numeraljs
  - markdown to html using kramed
  - collection manipulation using lodash
* HttpClient using `aurelia-fetch`, this uses the mordern [Fetch API]


Next post will look at getting started with using Sigma UI Framework


[Bootstrap]://getbootstrap.com
[AngularJS]://angularjs.org
[Aurelia]://aurelia.io/hub.html
[Lodash]://lodash.com/docs
[MomentJS]://momentjs.com/docs
[NumeralJS]://numeraljs.com
[Kramed]://github.com/GitbookIO/kramed
[Fetch API]://developer.mozilla.org/en/docs/Web/API/Fetch_API
[Google's Phone Library]://github.com/googlei18n/libphonenumber/tree/master/javascript
[CSS3 Flexbox]://css-tricks.com/snippets/css/a-guide-to-flexbox/
